these scenes should not exist according
to the UN a form of Po known as wild po
virus type two was eradicated in
1999 and type 3 in
2020 yet today the disease is spreading
in Gaza as Israel continues its War and
the UN is struggling to vaccinate it
children against
it today we received more than 00
children who were vaccinated against
polio despite the siege and the war it
was supposed to be a truce during this
vaccination period but that didn't
happen people here were displaced and
bombed and despite all of this we
vaccinated our
children andon is struggling to
vaccinate his children against it so far
nearly half a million children have been
vaccinated against a disease that has
returned Against All Odds and
Palestinians are
concerned it's been almost a year and
we're worried about our kids there are a
lot of diseases and we want to make sure
they are safe and protected safe however
is a relative term as Israel keeps up
its war after two successful phases of
larg scale polium vaccination campaigns
in Central and South Gaza thean is now
turning attention to the north much of
the area was destroyed in the early
months of the fighting and Now lies in
runes split off from Southern Gaza by a
strip of land cleared by the Israeli
Army called an isim Corridor it will
make it harder for Medical Teams to
operate and work to prevent the spread
of the diseases both within gaza's
borders and
Beyond but the work is dangerous NRA has
stopped healthare workers from reaching
some
areas sometimes detaining doctors for up
to 8 hours at
guno this last phase is perhaps the most
risky 200,000 children in North Gaza
need to get vaccinations but health
workers say the operation is being
Complicated by Israeli authorities
restricting their aess issuing orders
for people to evacuate and shortages of
a
fuel the un's campaign in North Gaza
will be the toughest yet in this trip
because the area has been destroyed by
Israel and its Army is in no mood to
make the work of Health Care
Professionals any
easier ibraim Al KH Al jazer Northern
Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer